AzureDevops Interview questions:
-------------------------------

1. What is IAC?
2. What are the advantages of using IAC?
3. what is ARMTemplates?
4. what is the structure / Elements of ARMTemplates
5. what is the difference between parameters and variables
6. what is the powershell/cli command to deploy the armtemplates 
7. what are the functions  you have used while writing ARMtemplates
8. If i want to create multiple resources using single template what is the fucnction we use?
9. what are the linked templates 
10. how do you call existing resources in to your armtemplate 

11. what is terraform 
12. what are the advantages of terraform over armtemplate (ARMtemplates vs terraform)
13. what are the building blocks of the terraform (provider, resources and outputs)
14. what is the lifecycle of terraform 
    terraform init
    terraform fmt
    terraform validate
    terraform plan
    terraform apply 
    terraform destroy 
15. what will happen when you execute each commands. explain in detailed
16. what is the difference between terraform validate and terraform plan
17. what is terraform locals?
18. how do you refere already existing resources in azure portal in to your terraform templates (datasources)
19. how do you import the existing resources in portal to your statefile and templates
20. what is terraform statefile 
21. where do you store your statefile?
22. what is terraform backend
23. what is the terraform provider for azure
24. what is the provider version you are using (3.70.0)
25. what is the terraform version you are using (v1.6.5)
26. you have created a VM using the terraform now the statefile got deleted. Now if you come and do apply what happens?
27. you have created a VM using terraform and some one went and created the data disk manually. now if you come and do terraform plan what happens
28. you have created a VM using terraform and some one deleted the VM manually. now if you go and do terraform apply what will happen
29. what is terraform for_each
30. what is the function we use to create multiple resources in terraform 
      - count.index
      - for_each
31. what is terraform provisioners 
32. what is the terraform drift 
33. how do you pass the variables during the apply
34. how do you unlock the statefile
